chore(ruby): Update migration-9x-guide.mdx (#12137)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/getting-started/migration-9x-guide.mdx

## Removed deprecated configuration [#removed_config]

>   We've removed the following configuration options. They will no longer work. Please update all configs to use the replacements listed below. Please see our [configuration documentation](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/configuration/ruby-agent-configuration) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We've removed the following configuration options, so they will no longer work. Please update all configs to use the replacements listed below, and see our [configuration documentation](/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/configuration/ruby-agent-configuration) for details.
```

## Removed support for Ruby 2.2 and 2.3 [#ruby_2223]

  Ruby 2.2 and 2.3 are no longer supported by the Ruby agent. To continue using the latest Ruby agent version, please update to Ruby 2.4.0 or higher.

  New Relic continues to support certain older Ruby versions even after they have fallen out of the officially supported maintenance window provided by the Ruby language development team (Ruby team). For example, as of March 31, 2023 the oldest Ruby version supported by the Ruby team will be version 3.0. Whereas with version 9.0 of the New Relic agent, Ruby versions 2.4 and higher are still supported. For more information about official Ruby team support of Ruby versions, see [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/).

## Enabled thread tracing by default [#thread_tracing]

>   The configuration option `instrumentation.thread.tracing` is now enabled by default. This configuration allows the agent to watch code occurring inside threads. Ruby agent 9.0 records instrumented code within threads and associates it with the current transaction. This may be a breaking change if you're currently using custom thread instrumentation. New transactions inside of threads will no longer start if one already exists.

Author: ```suggestion
  The configuration option `instrumentation.thread.tracing` is now enabled by default. This configuration allows the agent to watch code occurring inside threads. Ruby agent 9.0 records instrumented code within threads and associates it with the current transaction. 
  
  This may be a breaking change if you're currently using custom thread instrumentation. New transactions inside of threads will no longer start if one already exists.
```

## Removed support for Ruby 2.2 and 2.3 [#ruby_2223]

  Ruby 2.2 and 2.3 are no longer supported by the Ruby agent. To continue using the latest Ruby agent version, please update to Ruby 2.4.0 or higher.

>   New Relic continues to support certain older Ruby versions even after they have fallen out of the officially supported maintenance window provided by the Ruby language development team (Ruby team). For example, as of March 31, 2023 the oldest Ruby version supported by the Ruby team will be version 3.0. Whereas with version 9.0 of the New Relic agent, Ruby versions 2.4 and higher are still supported. For more information about official Ruby team support of Ruby versions, see [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  New Relic continues to support certain older Ruby versions even after they have fallen out of the officially supported maintenance window provided by the Ruby language development team (Ruby team). For example, as of March 31, 2023 the oldest Ruby version supported by the Ruby team will be version 3.0, whereas with Ruby agent version 9.0, Ruby versions 2.4 and higher are still supported. For more information about official Ruby team support of Ruby versions, see [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/).
```

## Enabled thread tracing by default [#thread_tracing]

  The configuration option `instrumentation.thread.tracing` is now enabled by default. This configuration allows the agent to watch code occurring inside threads. Ruby agent 9.0 records instrumented code within threads and associates it with the current transaction. 
  

>   This may be a breaking change if you're currently using custom thread instrumentation. New transactions inside of threads will no longer start if one already exists.

Reviewer 2: Right now when I see the "this may be a breaking change if..." line followed by the "old UI" line, I'm tempted to think that the old UI issue only applies to me if I'm using custom thread instrumentation. I'm currently thinking that flipping the first sentence around to have it also start with "If" will help address this.

```suggestion
  If you're currently using custom thread instrumentation, this may be a breaking change. New transactions inside of threads will no longer start if one already exists.
```

>   If you are using the old UI, you may see segments named "#" in your transaction charts. When looking at the segment table, the full name is "Thread: \#." These segments refer to thread instrumentation. See [Issue#1859](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent/issues/1859#issuecomment-1466774812) for details.

Author: This is the new section related to the bug fix.

## Removed deprecated instrumentation [#removed_gem_instrumentation]

>   Instrumentation for the following gems had been previously deprecated and is now removed.

Reviewer 2: Check me on this one, but the combination of "is" and "removed" (a current state reference of a previously done thing) stands out. I like the change to use "is", but maybe now change "removed" to something else like "gone"?

```suggestion
  Instrumentation for the following gems had been previously deprecated and is now gone.
```

Author: Hmm... good question. I'm not sure. @ally-sassman, any advice here?

Reviewer: You could say "The following instrumentation gems had been previously deprecated and are now no longer supported:"

Author: something about "gone" just feels weird to me. I found this discussion re: "is removed" - https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/31205/is-the-sentence-it-is-removed-grammatically-correct 

```suggestion
  Instrumentation for the following deprecated gems was removed.
```

Author: I think it's "was" instead of "were" since "instrumentation" is a singular subject.
